Notes on Tandydsp
-----------------

This is the Tandy video driver from Windows 2.03, provided by James 
Blackmun <jsb4@umw.edu>.  It can be used with Windows 2.x, or with Windows 
3.0 in real mode only.

Normally, when you install Windows 3.0 on a Tandy 1000, 1000A, SX, TX, EX, 
HX, SL, TL, SL/2, TL/2, TL/3, RL, or RL-HD, where the video on the system 
has not been upgraded and a CGA monitor is attached, the CGA driver is 
selected; as far as I know, there was never a Tandy video driver 
specifically written for Win 3.0.  The CGA driver works in 640x200x2 mode 
and displays in black and white.  The Tandy driver works in 640x200x4 mode 
and displays blue, green, red, and white, which may be more pleasing to the 
eye.  As with other Windows video drivers, you can select the color 
combination through the Control Panel "Colors" option.

Note that Microsoft does not recommend using Win 2.x drivers with Win 3.0, 
though they do say it can be done (in real mode) - but as far as I can see 
this driver works fine.  There are three files in this archive:  
TANDYDSP.DRV, TANDYDSP.LGO, and TANDYDSP.GRB.  I got the last one by taking 
WINOLDAP.GRB from my Win 2.03 installation and renaming it.

The following instructions are exempted from the Windows 3.0 User's Guide:

Installing a Device Driver Not Supplied with Windows
----------------------------------------------------

A specific set of device drivers was supplied with Windows 3.0.  Additional 
device drivers become available as they are completed.  See your device 
driver manufacturer for information about these device drivers.

Microsoft also periodically provides the Driver Library Disk, which 
contains device drivers that are made available after Windows 3.0 was 
released.  You can request the Driver Library Disk from Microsoft.  See the 
Hardware Compatibility List for contact information.  [Note:  Microsoft 
told me they no longer have the Tandy video driver.]

If you want to install a device driver that is not included with Windows, 
you must run Setup from MS-DOS.

Before running Setup, check for any special installation instructions that 
came with the device driver.  There may be other things you will have to do 
to set up the hardware.  Some drivers supply set-up information files that 
tell Setup what type of files (such as font files) the driver supports.  If 
you are not sure what your device driver supports, contact the device- 
driver manufacturer.

To install a device driver not supplied with Windows:

1.  Exit Windows.

    Do not use the DOS Prompt icon in the Main Group window.  Using this 
    icon will result in an incorrect set-up.

2.  Type "setup" and press <enter>.

    Setup lists your current Windows configuration.

3.  Press the <up arrow> or <down arrow> key to select the setting you want 
    to change and press <enter>

    A list of choices is displayed.  [You want to change the Display 
    driver.]

4.  Scroll to the bottom of the list using the <down arrow> key.

    [A list of video systems that Windows 3.0 natively supports is 
    displayed.  At the bottom of the list, it says, "Other (Requires disk 
    provided by a hardware manufacturer)".]

5.  Select Other and press <enter>.

    Select Other even if you are installing an updated version of a driver 
    that appears on the list.

    Setup prompts you for the disk containing the device driver.

6.  Insert the disk into drive A:.  Setup displays a list of the device 
    drivers on that disk.  Then select the appropriate driver and press 
    <enter>.

    Or type the pathname of the device driver and press <enter>.

    (You might be prompted for additional disks if more than one disk was 
    provided from the device driver vendor.)

    Setup then copies the appropriate files to your Windows system 
    directory and displays the updated list of your hardware.

7.  Press <enter> to complete the process.

8.  At the DOS prompt, type "win" to start Windows.
